Problems Faced:
* Learning the Unity Framework: It's a massive game engine tool that is its own skillset
* Learning C#: While we understood OOP for the most part and thus transitioning languages is not as hard as picking up an entirely new language skill, it is still a new syntax and takes time to master.
* Learning Entity-Component Models/Non-MVC: MVC models can work great on specific parts of a game project and business applications, but is somewhat counter-intuitive in the Unity framework, which uses an Entity-Component nature with intuitive parenting and componenet-relationships and a built-in and integrated 2D/3D view. While it is not impossible, it is arguably slower, less-organized/less-intuitive/against-convention, and dificult to force an entire project to fit an abstract model in which it doesn't need to fit. Models are tools to be used, not requirements to fill, which took a lot of time learning.
* Agile Approach: The emphasis on an agile approach lends itself to quick release times and rapid development cycle,  but assumes a highly-capable and trained team from the get-go with an established workflow, all of which we lacked. Adding individual features is trivial in comparison to learning and picking up the proper development tools, team communication skills, documentation, etc. While we developers are perhaps great learners, the skill and knowledge gap between what we needed in order to use an agile methodology and what we had was simply too great.
* Teamwork/Project Management: While the team took great efforts in order to organize communication and project management long before the project was even assigned -- a combination of Google Drive (documentation file sharing), Trello (task assignments), Discord (general and organized communication), Git/GitHub/Sourcetree (version control), Unity's Collaboration tool (version control/project file-sharing), etc. -- there were still difficulties in learning and communicating *effectively* through these tools.